Marlon first task up coming up against
the Pumas on Saturday you must be
delighted to have this opportunity yeah
I'm over the moon you know when I first
got told I was massively excited and I
college take onto the field on Saturday
it's an opportunity I've been waiting
for all seasons so yeah I'm really
excited when did you find out when did
you get the nod for sure with it my cat
that did it how'd you get the new sewer
just told me just before training on
tuesday i think and you know I was sort
of taking into my stride into the
session and I was really excited and
noted a sort of a sort of bring back
memories of all the work I've done or
fried a season and I just can't wait to
garden saturday now it's been public
announced back in the UK so you're
foaming going mad you got a chance to
check it at the hotel no not really i
often to be able to check anything but
i'm sure my mom and it was sent me a
quite a few messages and i just want a
guy there and get my best and I'm it
might make my family proud as you say
you've worked half of this this season
you feel his vindication the form you
showed especially that that latter half
of the season oh yeah you know credited
to the team alone the nice you know at
it and the turn of the season you know
read upon some real big perform Susan
and I really helped me on a personal
level and I was able to play pretty well
so I'm yeah you know it's just been a
massive effort for the last few years
and not comment upon the show you
mentioned your mum now you're from
falling solution originally what
connection do you have facts and Lucien
out I've got my own Jesus to live there
but my brother lives as well and but my
grandmother and parents are meeting and
so yeah you know i'm sure people in
solutions with trying to look at the
game as well so do you feel like you're
sort of representing sanusha as well got
some heritage there and you know they'll
be watching the game back there as well
here a little bit i figure you know not
many a sportsman already come out an
issue know Darren Sammy is for one of
more recognizable characters in terms of
cricket how big is rugby over there in
Silesia it's not massive on a member i
think it's a building sport at the
moment i think they're trying to get a
lot more people in the caribbean into
rugby and i can only be good for
solution and get for the caribbean as
well so just getting kids into sport
there are so many you know gifted young
athletes and solution up you know just
need the opportunity to come out and
perform an
you know I'm sure when the rub is built
up there you'll see a few months it's
going are there been a long season
obviously and difficult evening time
sundin Irish but there's no struggling
for motivation for you is there of
course this being your day because it's
going to be important game isn't it the
last game of the season yeah it may be
the last but it's probably my most
important one of the season so far notes
it's something I've suffer pretty fresh
you know I'm just excited as ever than
I've ever been fairly game and I just
can't which just garden played the best
of my ability and you know it's I just
want to saw make it run happy so put me
in this position and yeah it's when i'm
really excited about trying to lay down
marker a course for the eps and science
and sports they're coming out soon offer
you get back from his tour yes certainly
but at the same time i don't think too
far ahead you know those gamers saturday
and that's the most important thing
getting the win for the team and I've
moment she's going to solely focused
solely on that game and everything else
to look after itself you watch the game
from the stands of course insult alive
saturday are you expecting a more
ferocious Argentina to turn up on
Saturday yeah certainly you know is
there's going to be a massive backlash
i'm pretty sure they're not going to be
you know too happy the result and you
know they're going to come out firing
and there are passionate passionate
nation as well so you know we've just
gotta fight fire fire and really go for
it and from market honest first 20
minutes and i'm sure if we do that then
we give ourselves a good chance of
winning